hey what's up I want to talk about edges
today there's about Oh many say three
thousand just throw out a number blogs
about how to make money online or making
money with Billy Bob or super affiliate
Bob Johnson or whatever there's all
kinds of different places to get news
about how to make money online but a lot
of people seem to come here at you might
calm or jianchao site or Darren rouse or
there's there's new ones popping up
every day but why do people go there
well I think they all have an edge John
Chows edges he kind of plays this evil
angle I don't care about search engines
and I don't care about this I'm just
going to do whatever I want and that
works really well for him you know I
built five successful corporations sold
companies the most recent being auction
ads and the most amazing thing is that
I'm known for a blog which accounts for
probably less than five percent of our
revenue this year which is cool don't
get me wrong but a lot of that success
is I mean I think I have interesting
opinions and stuff like that of course
because they're mine but my blog is
mostly kind of well I started the blog
because I wanted just a place to put
down my opinions on the industry and
also share my experiences with others I
never wanted to make a news site and I
still don't
so pretty much when I blog about
something it's because it's something
I'm currently into we're currently doing
and it's got my attention so that could
be UFC stuff it could be that I'm
pitched at Yahoo
or some other company but it's basically
my kind of diary thoughts in the
industry stuff like that now the
interesting thing is that I'm lumped in
with all these how to make money online
blogs and yet I've never kind of labeled
with that and I know it's that to a lot
of people and that's very cool
and it's very flattering but kind of the
point of this video is and what gives me
an edge like what what really makes you
money stand out I would say two things
one I really have maybe it's more than
two things one is really that I really
have nothing to lose
being that you know this isn't a big
part of my business it's it's something
I do when I have time I can kind of just
let loose I don't have to rely on search
engines in fact search engine traffic
accounts for I think less than ten
percent or right at ten percent of the
entire traffic of this blog so I just
kind of just fire away I talk
sometimes I swear sometimes I use bad
grammar you know and it's just me and
I'm and I'm also pretty transparent
about a lot of topics I'm going talking
about how I am you know I used to be
very fat I talk about you know just a
lot of my failures in the past and I
think people kind of can connect with
you and appreciate that and the third
thing which is probably accounts for
more success of this blog than I'd like
to give it but it's true is that I have
a picture of me and a adsense check for
one month of revenue for almost $140,000
and while I'm sure a lot of people have
made more than that not a lot of people
have taken a picture of them with a
check doing it and putting it out there
for the world to see so those three
things have kind of given me an edge and
I think account for why people come to
the
site to get news even though that's not
what I'm I got I hate saying news but
it's like I mean I don't really break
news it's not industry news it's more I
would say it's more like a tips and
tactics at times because I definitely
straight away but so that definitely
gives me an edge and makes the site fly
so in talking with a girl earlier today
who wanted to start a blog on SEO SEM
and stuff like that I told her I said
you know you need to have an edge
because there's all these places to get
information from in news because you
want to basically do what's going on the
industry news site and I said you know
you really need an edge there's so many
places to get industry news that are of
great authority that and she's a very
cute girl and I mean that may sound
sexist but I told her I said you know
you're very cute if you would do a video
talking I mean let's be honest I mean
when Pam cakes did little recaps on this
blog they got 20 times more views than
anything else that I did so I said you
know you could use that to your
advantage
your cute girl you know that's an edge I
said you know anything else you can do
to go viral there's many different
things I said go crazy just look at kind
of what works and offline stuff and and
a lot of things will connect so the
question about this is really to you if
you're going to start something you need
an edge so if you're not happy with your
blog and/or your site in general you got
to ask yourself what are you doing that
your competition isn't and why should
people come to your site